add helper-compilation-targets docs (#2484)
babel/website: docs/helper-compilation-targets.md

## getTargets

```typescript
type GetTargetsOption = {
  // This is not the path of the config file, but the path where start searching it from
  configPath?: string;

  // The path of the config file
  configFile?: string;

  // The env to pass to browserslist
  browserslistEnv?: string;

  // true to disable config loading
  ignoreBrowserslistConfig?: boolean;
};

type InputTargets = {
  ...Targets,

  browsers?: Browsers,

  // When `true`, this completely replaces the `browsers` option.
  // When `intersect`, this is intersected with the `browsers`
  // option (giving the higher browsers as the result).
  esmodules?: boolean | "intersect",
};

function getTargets(
  inputTargets: InputTargets = {},
  options: GetTargetsOption = {}
): Targets;
```

Normalize user specified `targets` to a list of supported targets. See also (`@babel/preset-env`)[preset-env.md#options] for `GetTargetsOption`

**Example**

```javascript
// Return the default compilation targets
// returns {}
getTargets();
```

> An empty compilation target is equivalent to [force all transforms](preset-env.md#forceAllTransforms). The default compilation targets will changed to browserlists [`defaults, not IE 11`](https://runkit.com/jlhwung/605cd58b2c44c6001a463717) in Babel 8.

Author: ```suggestion
An empty compilation target is equivalent to [force all transforms](preset-env.md#forceAllTransforms). The default compilation targets will be changed to browserlists query [`defaults, not IE 11`](https://runkit.com/jlhwung/605cd58b2c44c6001a463717) in Babel 8.
```

---
id: babel-helper-compilation-targets
title: @babel/helper-compilation-targets
sidebar_label: helper-compilation-targets
---

> `@babel/helper-compilation-targets` is a helper set working with compilation targets and compat tables. It is used by `@babel/preset-env` to determine which plugin should be enabled based on the give [`targets`](options.md#targets) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@babel/helper-compilation-targets` is a helper package that works with compilation targets (browsers or other environments like node) and compat tables (knowing what version supports a specific syntax). It is used by `@babel/preset-env` to determine which plugin should be enabled based on the [`targets`](options.md#targets) option.
```

```javascript
import {
  filterItems,
  default as getTargets,
  isRequired,
} from "@babel/helper-compilation-targets";
```

## filterItems

```typescript
function filterItems(
  list: { [feature: string]: Targets },

  // A set of plugins that should always be included
  includes: Set<string>,

  // A set of plugins that should always be excluded
  excludes: Set<string>,
  targets: Targets,

  // A set of plugins that should always be included if `includes` is empty
  defaultIncludes: Array<string> | null,

  // A set of plugins that should always be excluded if `excludes` is empty
  defaultExcludes?: Array<string> | null,

  // A map from transform plugin to syntax plugin for backward compatibility with older `@babel/parser` versions
  pluginSyntaxMap?: Map<string, string | null>
): Set<string>; // A set of enabled plugins
```

> Given a compat data table `list` (i.e. `@babel/compat-data`) and [browser targets](preset-env.md#targets) `targets`, return a set of required plugins.

Reviewer: Maybe we need a doc for @babel/compat-data later
